com/epam/rest/dao/GiftCertificateJdbcDao.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.GiftCertificateJdbcDao
com/epam/rest/service/TagService.java
 com.epam.rest.service.TagService
com/epam/rest/dao/Dao.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.Dao
com/epam/rest/dao/CertificateTagDao.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.CertificateTagDao
com/epam/rest/service/TagRestService.java
 com.epam.rest.service.TagRestService
com/epam/rest/conttoller/TagController.java
 com.epam.rest.conttoller.TagController
com/epam/rest/model/CertificateTag.java
 com.epam.rest.model.CertificateTag
com/epam/rest/service/GiftCertificateService.java
 com.epam.rest.service.GiftCertificateService
com/epam/rest/dao/DaoException.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.DaoException
com/epam/rest/config/WebConfig.java
 com.epam.rest.config.WebConfig
com/epam/rest/dao/AbstractDao.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.AbstractDao
com/epam/rest/model/Entity.java
 com.epam.rest.model.Entity
com/epam/rest/model/Tag.java
 com.epam.rest.model.Tag
com/epam/rest/service/TagExistsException.java
 com.epam.rest.service.TagExistsException
com/epam/rest/model/GiftCertificate.java
 com.epam.rest.model.GiftCertificate
com/epam/rest/dao/TagJdbcDao.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.TagJdbcDao
com/epam/rest/config/RootConfig.java
 com.epam.rest.config.RootConfig
com/epam/rest/dao/CertificateTagJdbcDao.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.CertificateTagJdbcDao
com/epam/rest/conttoller/GiftCertificateController.java
 com.epam.rest.conttoller.GiftCertificateController
com/epam/rest/service/GifCertificateRestService.java
 com.epam.rest.service.GifCertificateRestService
com/epam/rest/service/CertificateExistsException.java
 com.epam.rest.service.CertificateExistsException
com/epam/rest/config/RestAppInitializer.java
 com.epam.rest.config.RestAppInitializer
com/epam/rest/dao/GiftCertificateDao.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.GiftCertificateDao
com/epam/rest/dao/TagDao.java
 com.epam.rest.dao.TagDao
